<p>

GTU TERM


Welcome to the Website of GTU. This website is best viewed using a contemporary browser.


Use of this website is offered to you on your acceptance of these Terms of Use and other notices posted on this website.


These terms of use constitute the agreement between GTU, and you as a user who accesses or establishes a connection. If you do not agree to the provisions of this agreement or are not satisfied with this please do not use the site.


This website, including all content and functions made available on https://www.gtu.ac.in/ is designed, developed and maintained by the GTU. When you access, browse or use this website you accept, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions set forth below.


You may search, retrieve, view, download, and print content on this site for personal use and shall make no other use of such content, without the written permission from GTU. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in the content that you use.


Any unauthorized use of the content and proprietary logos, service marks, and trademarks may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and certain civil and criminal statutes.


GTU is the exclusive copyright owner of all programming/designing code that is used on this site. Any reproduction or redistribution of programming/designing code is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in drastic civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent permitted by law.


GTU reserves the right to report any wrongdoing, if and when we become aware of it, to any applicable government agencies. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you will defend, indemnify and hold harmless GTU from and against all claims, liability, and expenses arising out of your use of the Site, your breach of any provision of this Agreement and/or any intentional wrongdoing by you. GTU reserves the right, in its sole discretion and at your own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. You will cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim.


You may not use any device, software or routine, including but not limited to any viruses, trojans, worms, time bombs, denial-of-service attacks, other malicious code or repeated "hacks" or "attacks" on the GTU server, intended to damage or interfere with the proper working of the Site or to surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information from the Site. You may not take any action, which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Site's infrastructure, including but not limited to denial of service attacks, "spam" or any other such unsolicited overload technique.


GTU in its sole discretion may change any or all of the provisions of this Agreement at any time. Any changes to this Agreement will be effective immediately upon your use of this Site. Your use of this Site after any changes to this Agreement have been made will be deemed your acceptance of the changes. You agree it is your sole responsibility to periodically check these terms of use for changes.


REFUND AND CANCELLATION POLICY


Fees once paid will not be refunded in any circumstances
</p>


mysql

CREATE DATABASE gtu
Expand Requery Edit Bookmark Database Queried time
CREATE TABLE `SIGN_UP` ( `User_Id` int(12) NOT NULL, `Email` varchar(100) NOT NULL, `Password` varchar(100) NOT NULL, `Full_Name` varchar(100) NOT NULL, `Date_Birth` int(8) NOT NULL, `Xender` int(8) NOT NULL )